Add an option to limit length of values of attributes and metric values (#1130)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/metrics/sdk.md

* Configure timing (related to [issue
  1432](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/issues/1432)).

## Measurement Limits

Measurement attributes are exempt from the

> [common rules of attribute limits](../common/common.md#attribute-limits) due to

Reviewer: It's confusing to have this here and not in the common section.

> the experimental status of the Metrics SDK specification.

Reviewer: I don't think this is true.

Our data model is stable and in it, the attributes contribute to the identity of a metric.  If we truncate attributes we need to denote how that changes the identity of the point.

I'm not sure the SDK exiting experimental status will change this point

* Configure timing (related to [issue
  1432](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/issues/1432)).

> Configuration of [Measurement Limits](#measurement-limits) MUST be managed

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should not try to tackle anything metrics related here until we've got a solid SDK specification. What do you think, @reyang ?

Reviewer 3: Agreed, I would like to have a better defined metrics telemetry pipeline before adding this. Especially if the common definitions can be written in a way that they would apply to all signals.

Reviewer 4: +1 @jkwatson

TODO: T.B.D.: DDSketch considered a good choice for ValueRecorder
instrument default aggregation.

## Limits on Metrics

> Erroneous code can add unintended labels to a span. If they are unbounded, they 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Erroneous code can add unintended labels to a metric. If they are unbounded, they 
```

can quickly exhaust available memory, resulting in crashes that are difficult to
recover from safely.

To protect against such errors, SDKs MAY be configured to truncate label values.
By default, label values SHOULD NOT be truncated. If an SDK provides a way to set
this limit and the limit is set, then for each Metric label value, if its length

> exceeds that limit, SDK Spans SHOULD truncate that value, so that its length is 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
exceeds that limit, SDKs SHOULD truncate that value, so that its length is 
```

at most equal to the limit.

If there is a configurable limit, the SDK SHOULD honor the environment variables
specified in [SDK environment variables](../sdk-environment-variables.md#metric-limits).

There SHOULD be a log emitted to indicate to the user that any value was discarded
or truncated due to such a limit. To prevent excessive logging, the log should 

> not be emitted more than once per metric or value.

Reviewer 6: I would accept "per metric", but "or value" sounds extreme to me.

Author: changed to "the log MUST NOT be emitted more than once per item on which an attribute is set"
